When you create a distribution, you specify an origin.
An origin is where you direct CloudFront to send requests for your content.
CloudFront supports using several AWS resources as origins.
For example,
you can specify an S3 bucket or custom origins such as
EC2 instances or your own HTTP server.
When you use S3 buckets as an origin for your distribution,
you can place any object that you want CloudFront to deliver into your bucket.
You can use any method that is supported by S3 to
put the objects into your bucket, for example,
the management console, API, or even third-party tools like Boto.
You can create a prefix or folder structure in your bucket to store the
objects just as you would with any other S3 bucket.
Using an existing S3 bucket as your CloudFront origin
server doesn't change the bucket in any way.
You can still use it as you normally would to store and
access S3 objects at the standard S3 prices.
A custom origin is an HTTP server, for example, your web server.
The HTTP server can be an EC2 instance or an HTTP
server that you manage privately.
An S3 origin configured as a website endpoint is
also considered a custom origin.
When you use a custom origin that is your own HTTP server,
you specify the DNS name of your server,
along with the HTTP and HTTPS ports,
as well as the protocol that you want CloudFront to use
when fetching objects from your origin.
Okay, there you have it.
You now know what a CloudFront origin is.
You learn that you can use S3 buckets or custom origins such as EC2 instances or any other web server.